So we put the content
into the dynamic page.
I hope you had a little bit of
fun putting this on the page,
because you can actually make
the page look however you want.
Once you have that object, you could
really create multiple kinds of layouts.
You could put things all over the place.
We're creating a Nuxt food app this way,
but you could see if you wanted to
create a new app of your own, you can make
any design or layout that you so chose.
And you could even put it in
that layouts area, right?
We could make a completely different
layout for that dynamic page.
The next thing that we're gonna do is
we're gonna create a Toast component
with a slot.
We're gonna create a really simple,
simple toast component.
And the reason we're gonna do that is
if we look back at our Nuxt food app,
like if I refresh here, let's go back to
Restaurants, let's go to Soup Dumplings.
If I add something to the cart, I want
to know that something happened, right?
I'm going to get like a little
number here, but I also want to
know somewhere on the page like that
I actually added something to a cart.
So the next thing that we're gonna do is
we're gonna create this toast component,
but we're gonna create it in such a way
that we can reuse it over and over again.
And we talked a bit about slots,
and slots are really great for
reusable components or logic.
They're really good for
plopping in a bit of content.
So, a toast is a good example
of something like this,
a modal is a good example
of something like this.
It's good for adding content quickly
to a similar component or unit.
I might wanna style them all the same, but
just add different types
of content to that thing.
So, it can be used for
composition of multiple things.
Name slots exist for
more complex information.
In my previous course It
talks about name slots, and
I used a couple of different examples,
like I made a taco blog with taco if some.
If you want further details,
you can go back to that course,
we're not going to use named slots today,
we're just going to use a default slot.
But if you wanted to just check
out some of that other material,
you can check it out in the other course.
So, let's go back, and we're gonna
make a new component called AppToast.
And we're gonna make sure that
it's not in this directory but
rather in the components directory.
Here we're gonna save the base, and
you're like a V base expert now.
We're going to say div class toast.
In real applications we'd
probably style all of the toast
component inside this scoped area here.
But for the purposes of demonstration,
I've loaded all of the styles
already in main.css.
So here,
this is a very simple component, right?
We're going to just put slot,
and then, not scott, slot.
And so we're going to pass in
a little bit of information there.
We're going to go back to our ID,
our underscore ID page.
I'm going to collapse some
of these sections, but
I'm going to open this section
with all of these details.
Because inside this section,
which was kind of laid out at the top,
I want to add in that AppToast.
And I'm going to parse something
into this AppToast, so
I'm gonna leave it empty for now.
I also have to import.
You can start to see why these
snippets are kind of helpful,
like I'm doing that a lot, right?
I'm adding in this component over and
over and over again, and
I'm saying like, okay,
the name, name, name.
So that's kind of repetitive and
those pieces can be helpful for that.
No, go back here,here,
here, here, toast.
Now we're adding in the toast, and
so I've got my app toast component,
and then I'm also going to
say something in there.
Like I want to let the user
know that order was submitted.
So I'm going to say order submitted,
and then wind break and
then say we want probably want to
give them someplace else to go.
So like check out more restaurants,
and then I'm gonna say vnuxtl,
so that gives me that link thing.
I'm gonna throw restaurants in here,
and here.
So right now, if we go to the page, it
will just be chillin on the page, which we
don't want it always chillin on the page
even if we haven't submitted something.
So what we want to do is we didn't
want to do a nice V if, but
we also have to give it
something to V if off of.
So here, we're gonna say,
if cart submitted,
and we want to give it a false at first,
we wanna say it's not submitted right now.
And we're going to say, for
this toast, v-if cart submitted.
So now it should not be there at first.
And what we want to do is once we click
that button, then it says the toast,
right then it gives us the toast.
So where is our button?
Our button is right here.
This button is gonna get an at
click handler of AddToCart
because that's really what
primarily it's gonna do.
So we're gonna make sure that
we're able to add to the cart.
I'm gonna collapse this computed for
a moment.
And say the method, and
we're gonna say AddToCart.
The first thing that we're gonna
do when we're adding to that cart,
is we're gonna say cart submitted is true,
right?
So we're gonna say this
.cart submitted equals true,
not minus true equals true, equals true.
And so we're able to kind of put,
say all right, if we click that button and
we know that it's submitting to the cart,
then we're all good there.
But we also want to gather
a lot of the stuff that we
are gonna add to the cart and
put that inside of there.
Now, right now I have like a way that I
named some of these things like count.
And then there is also
like combined price,
and we also wanna current
item to get the item.
So, we could feasibly destructure and
add a bunch of things at once, but
since the form output that we're currently
trying to gather is all just like
the naming is a little bit different, it
doesn't totally make it super efficient.
Because I want to say like item
is this .currentItem .item,
but count is this .count,
and so on and so forth.
So I'm just gonna write
these as like options is,
oops, items is this.item options.
And addOns is this.itemaddOns,
thank you VS code, combinedPrice
equals this.combinedPrice.
Now, you might have guessed what we're
going to do next, what we're going to do
next is actually add this to a cart, but
we want the store to hold the cart, right?
So, basically what we want this
method of add to cart to do
is to not just say this
.cartSubmitted true, which now works.
So let's go check that out.
Let's go over here.
We'll refresh the page,
I will say Add to cart, and
now you see that order is submitted.
So the next thing that we want
to do is add to that cart, but
first let's go back to our to do list.
So we wanted to create a reusable
toast component with a slot, so
that's what we did.